http://www.businesswire.com/portal/site/google/index.jsp?ndmViewId=news_view&amp;newsId=20061011005254&amp;newsLang=en : 1 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/awards
https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/yT/r/Rll2oTDTyVw.css : 1 references
  - https://www.facebook.com/aiaio
https://abs.twimg.com/a/1433192681/css/t1/twitter_more_1.bundle.css : 1 references
  - https://twitter.com/aiaio
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/study.css : 5 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/hearst
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/schwinn
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/virgin-mobile
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/citigroup
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/ringpop
https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/yX/r/Mx_3J-I8PNp.css : 1 references
  - https://www.facebook.com/aiaio
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/company.css : 8 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/08/world-class-travel-packages-meets-world-class-e-commerce-design-with-ai-and-gvv
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2013/11/20/tourneau-leading-retailer-of-luxury-watches-for-over-a-century-selects-ny-based
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/04/29/ai-client-gaga-over-their-newly-responsive-website
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2014/10/03/we-are-honored-to-announce-that-alexander-interactive-ai-has-been-named-one-of-
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/01/navigating-compliance-gets-a-whole-lot-easier-with-the-launch-of-the-new-ct-web
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/
https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/y4/r/dsT3enPCuMv.css : 1 references
  - https://www.facebook.com/aiaio
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/culture.css : 1 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/culture
https://abs.twimg.com/a/1433192681/css/t1/twitter_core.bundle.css : 1 references
  - https://twitter.com/aiaio
http://www.alexanderinteractive.com//s.ytimg.com/yts/cssbin/www-core-vfllL3TBN.css : 1 references
  - http://www.youtube.com/user/aiaiovideo
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/contact.css : 5 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/sitemap
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/home.css : 1 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.commailto:info@alexanderinteractive.com
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/error.css : 1 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/favicon.ico
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/ie.css : 27 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/results
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/hearst
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2013/11/20/tourneau-leading-retailer-of-luxury-watches-for-over-a-century-selects-ny-based
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/virgin-mobile
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/sitemap
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/culture
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/04/29/ai-client-gaga-over-their-newly-responsive-website
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/ringpop
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.commailto:info@alexanderinteractive.com
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/01/navigating-compliance-gets-a-whole-lot-easier-with-the-launch-of-the-new-ct-web
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/favicon.ico
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2014/10/03/we-are-honored-to-announce-that-alexander-interactive-ai-has-been-named-one-of-
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/citigroup
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/08/world-class-travel-packages-meets-world-class-e-commerce-design-with-ai-and-gvv
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/awards
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/schwinn
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/expertise.css : 3 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/results
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/base.css : 30 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/results
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/hearst
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2013/11/20/tourneau-leading-retailer-of-luxury-watches-for-over-a-century-selects-ny-based
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/virgin-mobile
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/2013/02/this-just-in-from-the-internet-retailer-web-design-and-usability-conference-irwd/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/sitemap
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/culture
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/04/29/ai-client-gaga-over-their-newly-responsive-website
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/ringpop
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.commailto:info@alexanderinteractive.com
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/01/navigating-compliance-gets-a-whole-lot-easier-with-the-launch-of-the-new-ct-web
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/favicon.ico
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2014/10/03/we-are-honored-to-announce-that-alexander-interactive-ai-has-been-named-one-of-
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/citigroup
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/08/world-class-travel-packages-meets-world-class-e-commerce-design-with-ai-and-gvv
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/awards
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/schwinn
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/
http://www.alexanderinteractive.com//s.ytimg.com/yts/cssbin/www-home-c4-vfl43e3Gl.css : 1 references
  - http://www.youtube.com/user/aiaiovideo
http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/wp-content/plugins/fancybox-for-wordpress/fancybox/A.fancybox.css,qver=4.1.2.pagespeed.cf.po6GQfmb1S.css : 3 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/2013/02/this-just-in-from-the-internet-retailer-web-design-and-usability-conference-irwd/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog
http://www.alexanderinteractive.com//s.ytimg.com/yts/cssbin/www-guide-vflTh2dOp.css : 1 references
  - http://www.youtube.com/user/aiaiovideo
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/css/work.css : 8 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/hearst
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/awards
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/virgin-mobile
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/schwinn
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/citigroup
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/ringpop
http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/css/A.fonts.css.pagespeed.cf.mxTs4Rh7AX.css : 27 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/results
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/hearst
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2013/11/20/tourneau-leading-retailer-of-luxury-watches-for-over-a-century-selects-ny-based
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/virgin-mobile
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/sitemap
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/culture
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/04/29/ai-client-gaga-over-their-newly-responsive-website
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/ringpop
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/company
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.commailto:info@alexanderinteractive.com
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/01/navigating-compliance-gets-a-whole-lot-easier-with-the-launch-of-the-new-ct-web
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/favicon.ico
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2014/10/03/we-are-honored-to-announce-that-alexander-interactive-ai-has-been-named-one-of-
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/citigroup
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/news/2015/05/08/world-class-travel-packages-meets-world-class-e-commerce-design-with-ai-and-gvv
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/awards
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/careers/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/contact/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/work/schwinn
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/expertise/
https://abs.twimg.com/a/1433192681/css/t1/twitter_more_2.bundle.css : 1 references
  - https://twitter.com/aiaio
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/blog/wp-content/themes/aiaio/css/base.css : 3 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/2013/02/this-just-in-from-the-internet-retailer-web-design-and-usability-conference-irwd/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog
http://www.alexanderinteractive.com//s.ytimg.com/yts/cssbin/www-pageframe-vflTXLKgb.css : 1 references
  - http://www.youtube.com/user/aiaiovideo
https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/y0/r/wYtTZAzevaf.css : 1 references
  - https://www.facebook.com/aiaio
https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/ym/r/sS7WwNQnfGk.css : 1 references
  - https://www.facebook.com/aiaio
https://fbstatic-a.akamaihd.net/rsrc.php/v2/yV/r/bwlgxKCiNr_.css : 1 references
  - https://www.facebook.com/aiaio
https://abs.twimg.com/a/1433192681/css/t1/twitter_logged_out.bundle.css : 1 references
  - https://twitter.com/aiaio
https://dzutovmmu6g2t.cloudfront.net/blog/wp-content/themes/aiaio/css/fonts.css : 3 references
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog/2013/02/this-just-in-from-the-internet-retailer-web-design-and-usability-conference-irwd/
  - http://www.alexanderinteractive.com/blog
